Midterm 1 - Part 1
Due May 24 by 11:59pm Points 20
Submitting a file upload File Types py
Available May 7 at 2pm - May 24 at 11:59pm 17 days

Focus on Software Engineering: Using Functions in a Menu-Driven Program



CONCEPT: Functions are ideal for use in menu-driven programs. When the user selects an item from a menu, the program can call the appropriate function.

De Anza College Menu.jpg

Write a menu-driven program for De Anza College Food Court. (You need to use functions!)

Display the food menu to a user (Just show the 5 options' names and prices - No need to show the Combos or the details!)
Use numbers for the options and for example "6" to exit.
Ask the user what he/she wants and how many of it. (Check the user inputs) AND use strip() function to strip your inputs(if needed)
Keep asking the user until he/she chooses the exit option.
(You can pass quantity1, quantity2, quantity3, quantity4 & quantity5 to save the quantities of the orders)

Calculate the price.
Ask the user whether he/she is a student or a staff. There is no tax for students and 9% tax for staffs. Add the tax price to the total price.
Tax Cupertino 9.000% Santa Clara

Display the bill to the user. The bill includes:
The food items
The quantities
The cost of them
The total before tax
Tax amount
Total price after tax


You can have your own design but you need to have a main function and get started from the main function.

For example:

def main():

   displayMenu()

   .

   .

   displayBill(..)



main()



or

if __name__ == "__main__":
     main()



The name of functions also up to your design but the names should show what the functions do.



Midterm part 1.jpg

Only display 2 decimal points when displaying all the numbers.


Put at least two outputs  (results after you run your code) at the end of your code as a multi-line comment.


Don't forget to put your name and a short description of your code on the top on your code.


Don't forget to test your code with Positive and Negative Testing! (For more information see this page Testing)
Your functions should have a docstring which is a short description about what the function is and what it does.
Submit your code here.

